would you actually call this dish this
is actually jerk chicken rice paper
spring rolls simple as that very simple
simple as okay now just to show these
off as well you will notice that the
chicken breast here it's been sort of
lightly batted out so it's gonna cook
really quickly on this grill you can
still maintain that let me moisten this
great but it is going to cook very
quickly and now all you're saying is
then just pop it straight through yeah
straight through
okay well we'll put a few in there
showing just start to marinate if we can
see all of this look at all these going
in we put three or four in the plenty
one two that's there we go right so now
I can see what you mean by leaving it to
marinade because all we're going to do
here is just take on a little sort of
flavor like that and you're gonna leave
that marinade on it before we cook it up
you're gonna leave the marinade on it
and just before you cook II just don't
wipe it off gently you know I'm gonna
take it all of it off you can actually
leave it on and cook it right there just
that little bit there we could probably
get away with that could we oh yeah yeah
okay right now to actually grill these
because I'm gonna get these cooked off
because you also then just put them to
one side let them relax a little bit
while we finish off the rest of the
garnish which is always a good way of
doing it let's just put a little touch
of oil in the pan make sure this is well
marinated and then we'll pop this
straight onto the grill and that sounds
a smell instant smell that we're getting
from that is wonderful really is good
quite sensational and I do love the idea
of these the different strength of
flavors that we're going to have
compared to perhaps some of the the jerk
chicken I tried that was quite powerful
and this I think could be slightly more
balanced this would be a little bit more
subtle because you have the sweetness of
the mango sauce you also have the
vegetables inside of it and the green
rushes crispy baby lettuce that we're
gonna put inside of it and right so
while that's cooking then I'm gonna get
on with cutting up a little bit of
carrot that you asked for to be nicely
finely shredded and we've got a few
other bits and pieces as well and you're
adding this is the mango isn't it
mango pray what we have done we have
taken their fresh mangoes off the tree
yeah peel them down a little bit of
kosher salt a little bit of oil and we
just gently sweat that through until
they're nice and soft lovely buzz it
through a little bit of a blender yep
and then I'm gonna add my scotch bonnet
peppers to bring up a little bit of the
heat to it perfect so you heard that
it's gonna be you know little bites here
and there but the great thing about that
of course it's gonna be calmed down by
the fruity flavor coming from the mango
itself which is nothing but complement
the chicken which really and truly is
not far off you can see is a good
guideline when you notice this sort of
little white border that's telling you
how far the chicken was actually cooked
which is beautiful so you know it's
ready just returning a couple of minutes
longer look at that absolutely delicious
you can tell then from those little
grill marks you're gonna get that slight
little fire that's like little
bitterness from it as well which i think
is gonna be delicious
and then the last one and these
literally now are going to take seconds
because always bear in mind that the
heat retained within the chicken will
continue that cooking process and also
try and maintain that lovely sort of
succulents all the way through each bite
let's just have a little feel oh yes yes
yes yes there's one of them straight out
there this really does smell good and
finally there that they are chicken
beautifully grilled off switch that off
and allow that just to relax while I
quickly shred up the carrots
you